hello everyone today is the day that I
talk to you all about one of my favorite
little souvenirs things to keep memories
in their flip books so now people have
started to update the idea of what a
flip book is and it's gone from
something sort of old school to
something really ingrained in social
media and very interactive in real time
so let me show you a few examples that
we've had on John Hunter at number five
on the list we have a marketing campaign
from the Toronto silent film festival
now a lot of you might think how are
they innovative some films aren't
necessarily at the cutting edge right
now but what they're doing is using
Instagram and posting a lot of old flip
books on to that in various images so
that you can scroll through them so that
it creates a motion effect much like a
flip book pretty cool for a silent film
festival at number four we have this
really amazing clip of a flip book
somebody hand drew of the entire music
video of Gangnam style so this is
something that would make sigh very
proud but you get everything all the hip
thrusting you could ask for and lots of
sick dance moves in this book book all
hand drawn at number three we have a
flip book by Fraser Clark so what Fraser
is actually done is created a flip book
out of images he's found on the Internet
of Mona Lisa and this isn't your average
Mona Lisa pic it's Mona Lisa looking
like Donald Duck zombies with mustaches
so this is Mona as you've never seen her
before and she looks fabulous
in almost 300 of these photos shown here
at number 2 we have Flip clips calm so
what this website does is you upload any
video you have to their site and it
creates a custom flip book for you so
this is amazing for anybody who has a
wedding video and wants to give a gift
to the couple or even for corporate
events if you have someone taking videos
of people dancing why not make them
embarrassed by printing out a flipbook
of it last but not least is a service
that I've personally tried we hired them
for Trend Hunters billion view party
it's party impressions so what this
corporation does is basically they set
up a photo screen and a camera there it
takes a whole bunch of pictures really
fast
you have all sorts of fun props like
feather boas mustaches glasses blow-up
guitars and within ten minutes a flip
book is printed clip together and you
get your own custom memory from whatever
event you're at so I found this really
amazing to be able to have something go
from on a camera digitally to in your
hands anyway so that is it for me if you
know any other flipbooks services or
flip books you've actually made yourself
let me know and tweet me at shelby lee
walsh bye
you